[Freecodecamp course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGg_1h0qzaM)

# Docstrings
That's an important part of coding AI Agents because this is what will tell the agent what the node does. 

@ Agent graph is similar to a step function, a "start" entrypoint is a workflow that will start things and a "finish" is the last one

## State
Shared data structure that holds the current information or the context of the entire application. Behaves like the application memory. that keeps track of the variables and the data that nodes can access and modify as they execute.

## Nodes
Individual functions or operations that perform specific tasks within the graph. Each node receives an input often the current state, processes it and produces an output or an updated state. Performs one specific task.

## Graph

Is the overarching structure that maps out how different tasks (nodes) are connected and executed. Visually represents the workflow, showing the sequence and conditional paths between various operations.

## Edges
Connections between nodes and the flow of the execution. Tell us which node should be executed after the current one finishes the task.
    - Conditional edges: decide the next node to execute based on specific conditions applied to the current state

## Start Node

Start node, entrypoint. Just start the process, doesn't do a "real operation".

## End Node

Same thing to start node, but for end.

## Tools
Specialized functions or utilities that nodes can utilize to perform specific tasks such as fetching data from apis. Enhance node capabilities by adding functionalities. Not a part of the graphs, just functionalities for nodes      

## ToolNode

Special king of a node whose the main job is to run a tool and put the output in the State where other nodes can use it

## StateGraph

Class used to build and compile the graph structure, managing the nodes, edges and overall state, ensuring that the workflow is operating in a unified way and the data flows correctly between components.

## Runnable

Building block, allowing us to create modular systems. Can be combined with other runnables to perform complex workflows

## Messages
    - Human Message: Input from a user
    - System Message: Instructions or context to the model
    - Function Message: Result of a function call
    - AI Message: Responses generated by AI Models
    - Tool Message: Result of a tool call
    - Base Message: Foundational class for all messages in langgraph, the parent class